// This file contains English questions, roughly equal number with and without the given feature.

// Annotation instructions:
// - If a line is mis-classified, prefix it with //. 
// - To help me figure out what the current system is doing wrong, consider also adding a "//"-comment at the end of the 
//   line, briefly explaining what the problem might be (especially for languages I don't speak).



// These questions are predicted to have has_ref_to_group == False:
Is this something the FBI must investigate?
Know what?
Why does the media get fooled?
How did it go all so wrong in this seemingly advanced nation?
What has 11 years of Tory Rule brought?
No one noticed an influx of Chinese "tourists"?
Nehru ki galati?
How r worded is this country?
When will the NHS app be linked with the EU app?
How can  justify lifting all restrictions?!?
How come no gyaan for Samajwadi Party ever?
Who’s pocketing the profits from the vaccines?
Really?
I asked him if he was taking Thursday off and he said, "Naw.
Aluminium is used alot in medications &amp; foods?
Is this true Sydney?
Wait.......... does that mean i’m asymptomatic sis?
Is there a difference like ivermectin or all the same?
Don’t know anyone who regrets not getting it.
Ok, but I have a very small quantity of children?
In covid season?
Not sure where USA fits?
I repeat: where is the CNN coverage of the surge in cases in Florida?
Is there a better alternative vision?
Dr. Fauci on vaccine hesitancy: “What is the problem?
Who thought this up, really?
What percentage of the media does thon own?
But how exactly is Covishield an Indian vaccine?
National Security should be a top priority?
I thought that fraud already blew COVID away?
And indoors 1 in a 25 million chance?
Think Covid vaccine mandates are about protecting human health?
So sorry where was Rudd wrong?
What about the public interest?
And I thought Biden had a plan of his own??
No vaccine?
So Texas just bout to raw dog covid like that?
I don't know who else is fully vaccinated.
Does “my body my choice” apply to vaccines and masks?
Can I get $100 for the vaccines I've already received?
Perhaps -- a bit of contempt for your viewers?
Wot kind of fee is this?
Why does Boris Johnson delay coronavirus lockdown decisions?
A zero Covid strategy?
What's happening in Anambra State?
Is there a COVID propeller, babe?
I don't know anyone who will have it.
So this boy no too get sense like this?
What are the Top 10 Highlights?
NHS went in to school and vaxxed the lot?


// These questions are predicted to have has_ref_to_group == True:
Have you had your chicken pox vaccine?
 You mean DeBlasio?
27) What happens if we ignore COVID19 pandemic?
People DO know when 2 weeks is up, right?
I’ll ask again, do we shut down the economy during flu season?
What if we all just Love each other?
How about we undo their tax cuts?
Will people be able to continue working from home post Covid-19?
How many people will die from this failed leadership?
How did they miss this?
Police stopped amd said who are you.
Contemplate why so many people are dying in the 2nd CovidIndia Wave?
Or you've taken your business online?
oh we got.. 🙄🙄🙄🙄Honestly?
Why do some people seem determined to shutter Britain ongoing?
Have you recently suffered a blunt-force head trauma?
If you have taken the jab you should be protected anyway, right?
"Why are we even discussing women scientists?
Can we *please* get them into arms now?
Please can you help me to find some mutuals?
But you’re an expert on Covid and all other matters?
Have you not really taken notice?
What are they putting in those Covid test kits???
What happens when some people don’t get vaccinated?
Can you imagine without it?
What does that say about how awful you are?
Let's stick to proven facts, shall we?
🦊: even your name, why are annoyed~  🦊: are you an aggressive moa?
What are they hiding?
Why would they lie?
And they let him host Jeopardy?
WTF are we doing?
Where is Modi when you need him?
Are you thinking about homlearning next week?
Why are you still watching these inhuman military group?
Why aren't they helping Americans?
Why are you discouraging mask wearing?
Has the saintly NHS being misleading  us?
To when we can be thankful for a vaccine?
You think that’s embarrassing?
Did you read the information available about the vaccine?
Weren't you just caught trying to profit off the pandemic again?
Come-on who are you lying to?
Now Congress wants to give you only $600?
can you leave him alone?
What about you, P'Up?
You think these idiots have a clue of what’s going on?
What do you not get???
LMAO… you want to mandate vaccines… don’t you see the hypocrisy?
Will you take the Covid Vaccine shot?
