// This file contains English questions, roughly equal number with and without the given feature.

// Annotation instructions:
// - If a line is mis-classified, prefix it with //. 
// - To help me figure out what the current system is doing wrong, consider also adding a "//"-comment at the end of the 
//   line, briefly explaining what the problem might be (especially for languages I don't speak).



// These questions are predicted to have has_negation == False:
Wonder if he's actually self-isolating on his return 🤔
When will the vaccine allow for the control of the pandemic?
Where are you??
Will you need to show your vaccine passport to vote?
Are these the ones coming out soon?
For having type 2 diabetes?
If it’s about maturity, wtf?
You received Johnson &amp; Johnson’s COVID-19 vaccine: Now what?
Biden bribing all folks with a $100 to get a coronavirus vaccine?
So what difference does it make?
Over my own car?
You have data that indicates something different?
This dude?
is black lives matter protesting against the coronavirus?
Asked how many black farmers in S. Carolina benefited."
Have more questions?
Just a bit arrogant?
Do non-scientists have to connect the dots for scientists?
WTF are you going on about?
Covid vaccine ‘waning immunity’: How worried should I be?
What’s that you say?
WHY ?
But you know what?
All people, you say??!!!!
Coincidence?
Nazi Germany or modern day Paris?
Am I missing something here?
Look At What We've Become: subjecting young children to this?
What if the guy just has naturally big balls?
Is  the worst Education Minister ever?
Vaccine superspreader ?
Sounds quiet,Mars in lockdown too?
How long until we start hearing "Papers Please"?
Another witch hunt?
What’s the story?
Who else is looking forward to getting your first or second shot?
Effects on pregnant women?
Are you angry that people believe in freedom?
Covid Tests twice a week??
You wanna know how I KNOW the vaccine is safe and works?
How many projects have glitter?
Georgia election suit ends?
To camouflage lockdown fats?
How was your FreedomDay ?
Where’s the media outrage?
What will you do for your country?
How have you been?
Government or Nature?
Where are the syringes?
This vaccine?


// These questions are predicted to have has_negation == True:
Perhaps they have no idea WhatsHappeningInMyanmar?
So refugees get a free pass on not taking the vaccine?
You mean just like if you're under 35 and not obese?
So is the Covid crisis still happening or not?
The needle is not in?
Why is no one questioning this?
Was ther no covid in Bihar elections ?
Does this beti not matter?
No plus one sa studio?
Why the hell is ⁦⁩ not wearing the mask?
No money to travel, hence PMCBankCrisis depositor  STAYHOME???
It's not safe, but we're expected to act like it is?
Wouldn’t you feel that no one cared for you or your baby?
Hey sister do you know if  Modiji's wife' got a vaccine or not ?
Does asymptotic infection exist or not?
No chance to get your Vaccine?
Why not prevent this by getting vaxxed?
How can this not be significant harm?
This vaccine is not for South Africans neh?
So does the vaccine not work then?
📌 Why no videography of PM??
If not why not?
Why not give the third dose to everyone?
Maybe there is no answer?
Lets not repeat, k?
So why no air bridge for the ⁦⁩ flight?
NO	Will we all need boosters in the future?
What if there is no dance floor?
So why are they not part of Doug Ford’s stay-at-home order?
Don't know why Lamar Alexander not there.
Uh, I'm no epidemiologist, but maybe their lockdown isn't working?
How many are active but not being treated???
This sharp increase is worrisome, is it not?
Do you believe in freedom or not?
no masks no 2 metres ?
Not “course correct in response to changing conditions”?
Oh no....does he turn into a cow now?
	How is this not an America last agenda?
Keeping some areas in lockdown but not others ?
Why are we spotlighting the church and not everyone else?
No?
What do you not get???
Yes or no?
Why or why not?
"Do you want to protect people's jobs or do you not?
Is India now also not using it any longer?
Not sure if I trust Covid’s motivation here https://t.co/009Phgd3Te
Not even the wango tango?
- Take Astra-Zeneca or not?
So, no more grieving in S. Fla.?
