// This file contains English questions, roughly equal number with and without the given feature.

// Annotation instructions:
// - If a line is mis-classified, prefix it with //. 
// - To help me figure out what the current system is doing wrong, consider also adding a "//"-comment at the end of the 
//   line, briefly explaining what the problem might be (especially for languages I don't speak).



// These questions are predicted to have has_ref_to_other == False:
How about working with this community?
What are your main concerns?
did u summouned or Interogated the Cooper doctors yet?
Has an American President Ever Been Worse at Politics?
You wanna see social distancing?
How did we get here?
Or didn’t you quite understand this ?
How messed up is that!
Was your career affected by COVID-19?
Are you an American ?
You are a fraud how do you sleep at night?
Why would you rule anything out in an unpredictable pandemic?
Any chance Dems will show even the slightest interest?
why does the government hate their citizens so bad?
Y’all ever miss quarantine?
https://t.co/kDjL1VpuMB  Dumb &amp; pretentious media?
is this meeting hygiene standards during covid times ?
If VAERS and other tracking is contaminated, is it safe?
Does asymptotic infection exist or not?
Missing info (e.g., identity) and incomplete vaccine name??
Where is our collective shame and outrage?!
Would these people rather be inside on a ventilator??
Can't you follow the science?
Because the vaccine is the mark of the beast?
Is there a dob-in line for taxpayer subsidised plutocrats?
Why?
will vaccines affect athlete performance?
WHY?
Why are we even considering vaccine passports?
What's going on?
So, which COVID-19 Vaccine will you be taking?
Any leads for an isolation ward bed and oxygen cylinders?
Can we at least have a discussion about Internalassesment?
One of the what?
Same old tactic to WEAPONIZE Covid?
Have you heard of Professor Sarah Gilbert?
Now what?
Need i say more ?
Let's stick to proven facts, shall we?
Next, the CCP?
Why are so many of you tweeting the same thing word for word?
I thought "herd immunity" could be achieved by vaccination?
Why does this remind me of covid policy?
If other embassies employees can come to work why can't you?
Do you think your relevant or something?
Raises obvious questions: why did nobody else report this earlier?
Where are our elected officials?
Lead story tonight on , right?
Or ok to keep as a memento?!
Is there anything in particular that you’ve noticed rising in cost?


// These questions are predicted to have has_ref_to_other == True:
Do you really assume he’s not in contact with the WH, POTUS, etc?
	COVID immunity through infection or vaccination: Are they equal?
How much more can they be expected to take?
They can’t match the serial number on my phone?
What else did they lie about?
WTF is he "working so hard" for?
And why are they purposefully letting in so many migrants?
They did covid test for disha but why not for Sushant's?
Are they serious?!
What kind of meds are they handing out at the White House?
if even he can’t buy an apartment how am i supposed to do it????
Why do they keep trying?
Would vote for them again?
For how long will they pretend 2020 is a projection?
The one that can be switched on and off whenever they feel like it?
One of them?
The kids who he refuses to protect from Covid in his state's schools?
They only want to test “unvaccinated”?
What does he take us for??
Did they panic?
Can they not see where this ultimately leads?
What would  you say to them?
are they using this for clickbait?
So why open them now?
😡	Who do these tyrants think they are?
I should just do it bc they’re doing it?
Are they mad/regretting that they didn’t mask?
Who else did she infect?
They really don’t think Johnson is to blame?
Where do they come up with this shit?
How well trained are they?
How the hell do you know they were all vaccinated?
Were they tested for COVID?
How can she divert?
They're, frankly, bonkers aren't they?
Seriously, does he think we're all 6 years old?
	TF is she talking about?????
What good understanding of my competency will they gain in an hour?
WTH are they even doing??
Is he denying treatment to compel people to get vaccinated?
His professor just looked at him &amp; said, “2 weeks?
Maybe that’s just luck - but BOTH OF THEM?
Are they dead in the street with COVID?
Did they all die from air pollution as well?
can he be criminally liable for what he did?
you’re gonna believe in him but not the vaccine?
How will they police venues on spot checking ‘reasonable’ amounts?
we want to make them the happiest right?
Will they cause a heavier period flow than usual?
The sea lion cussed him tf out 😭  “DURING A PANDEMIC NlGGA?
