// This file contains English questions, roughly equal number with and without the given feature.

// Annotation instructions:
// - If a line is mis-classified, prefix it with //. 
// - To help me figure out what the current system is doing wrong, consider also adding a "//"-comment at the end of the 
//   line, briefly explaining what the problem might be (especially for languages I don't speak).



// These questions are predicted to have has_conjunction == False:
What if we get a powerful tool to protect us?
To camouflage lockdown fats?
How many people are refusing to get the vaccine?
	Makes me wonder if residents are choosing not to get vaccinated.
Who's funding you ?
really?
So how can we find joy this holiday season?
Why is anyone simply not following the 2 week flatten curve schedule?
Were you wearing your mask???
Will people know which vaccine they will be getting?
How is this about anything other than control?
Why are they even taken seriously?
Now what?
🥺 maybe after this covid?
Michael?
Anyone wondering how queerness gets erased from history.
Are you an American ?
Which one you really miss?
What's it like in your town?
Zero covid?
is it healing crystals?
Who allows garbage like this to be published?
Which one is it ?
TWO MORE WEEKS TO FLATTEN THE CURVE, RIGHT?!?
Where was this energy?
For having type 2 diabetes?
For which vaccine?
Anyone??
A covid free world?
so u agree?
When will it be restored?
Do you have civilian control of police in Portland?
Any news on the Quebec plant based vaccine?
Could I ask for prayers for my dad?
How the hell do you know they were all vaccinated?
Do you support anti-lockdown / anti-vaccine passport demonstrations?
Why is it always just a one size fits all solution with the vaccine?
Am I right ?
How many other infectious diseases should we have to show papers for?
Not even the wango tango?
When people ask me how am I feeling?
YES	Does everyone need a booster now?
How do Brits feel about the new national lockdown?
Ain't students' lives important?
What are our elected leaders doing?
Who would've thought?
Have COVID19 testing questions?
Stamp out Covid?
para paid leave?
BUT, BUT, BUT, You Have Wrong Way Fauci In Charge?


// These questions are predicted to have has_conjunction == True:
And you believe no one should?
Where are the president and Congress?
Don't you wonder sometimes  About genes and vision?
Or am I missing something?
Or am I being cynical?
Why should boys and young men get the HPV vaccine?
	COVID immunity through infection or vaccination: Are they equal?
Is COVID policy science or political  manipulation of fear?
Misinformation or sensorship?
Will vaccination reduce transmission or just disease?
Yes or no?
Or the others that have killed 1295 and maimed nearly a million now?
Or is it politically 'Inconvenient'?
1568 deaths and you still dont believe its there?
97% or 98%?
Or ok to keep as a memento?!
I I was oblivious and I follow this every day via numerous avenues?
Or murders?
[ON] Toronto Near Queens Park and need a vaccine?
And you definitely know the long effects for the vaccine?
Or are we still quite far up the Governments backside?
Rich country problems:	- Vaccinate kids or not?
Or cancer treatment?
How do we know if they've had delta or not?
Is Modi making the vaccine or does he know f-all about it?
Make them more attractive to all women and girls?
How will the world change post-COVID and the other ructions of 2020?
Why won’t Republicans mention this or fight for our active military?
So why do you protect your body and home from crime, but not disease?
Or is this id just for the important stuff like getting into a bar?
Or that galamsey dey destroy water bodies?
Or a friend takes an overdose or a parent needs emergency surgery?
Not a word about any economic stimulus or relief?
If you don't watch AND RT any other tweet, make sure this one is it.
Was she agreeing with him or calling him out?
Did Covid or Chlamydia write this?
You mean just like if you're under 35 and not obese?
Or is this an “in case of Super Bowl” signing?
And y’all can’t socially distance?
You wanna know how I KNOW the vaccine is safe and works?
during that time everything is empty and quite.. what’s the point ?
Why didn’t your govt order and secure enough vaccines for nurses ?
And then?
How come COVID doesn’t seem to impact the Met Gala or the VMAs?
Or didn’t you quite understand this ?
Or are those cookies bribes?
Let's see who lives and who dies?
Reduced from mild or no symptoms at all to what?
Why are we spotlighting the church and not everyone else?
Ranch, blue cheese, or vinaigrette?
