// This file contains English questions, roughly equal number with and without the given feature.

// Annotation instructions:
// - If a line is mis-classified, prefix it with //. 
// - To help me figure out what the current system is doing wrong, consider also adding a "//"-comment at the end of the 
//   line, briefly explaining what the problem might be (especially for languages I don't speak).



// These questions are predicted to have has_leveler == False:
- When will we see any vaccines?
Where is our leadership ffs?!?!
DYK?
You don’t understand that?
Flatten the curve?
	Customer : Can I speak to someone higher than you?
Have you had your chicken pox vaccine?
Where y’all goin to catch corona for New Year’s Eve?
If not, ask your sister to call him for you."
Why shud they risk a 25k/1 even if it was 50k/1 jab death risk?
Why was the mask mandate removed?
What a beautiful understanding with Virus and Health Minister?
How many lives will be saved by getting rid of this ignorance?
Bozo Boris is in quarantine, but don’t worry, be happy?
If these restrictions work,why have their cases sky rocketed?
What does it take to transform your media approach?
How many people have died FROM covid without any other problems?
What about Hydroxychloroquine?
Agree?
If the vaccine works, and you get it, shouldn’t you be protected?
And what are the long-term effects?
So we can have vaccine ID cards but we still can’t have Voter ID?
Have questions about COVID19 vaccines?
Will the Dave Chappelle controversy ever calm down?
Kill the elderly in nursing homes again?
Why doesn’t he meet all these worthies in one trip?
Will anyone take responsibility for this?
How is that even possible when Raw and SD ran alone on their nights?
290K American dead - 1K from Idaho - Yet this?!
Of course, why not?
Who has captured bills heart now?
U turn anyone?
Calloused?
How can you deny the validity of covid?
Got questions about the vaccine?
Would you laugh at a person who died from the flu?
bus drivers?
What questions do you have for him?
Have we learnt from this?
Triples all round, Nadine?
ANTIBODY-dependent enhancement, you say?
Is it because this round of vaccines haven't been fully tested?
Your point?
Are only those with chits allowed inside?
What next?
Where's the evidence it's done us a whit of good?
What's your thought on the vaccine?
What the fuck is this.
So, which COVID-19 Vaccine will you be taking?
Why not just make the inaugural all-virtual??


// These questions are predicted to have has_leveler == True:
YES	Does everyone need a booster now?
THE EXCUSE FOR EVERYTHING ?
Is everyone mad or is this a Harry Laud production?
a company who has never had a product come to market?
No one noticed an influx of Chinese "tourists"?
Ever notice that everything Trump calls a hoax is real?
Why nothing more since Feb?
No one is asking why Lou Gossett Jr. Called us.
Is free vaccination nothing but an election gimmick?
Does no one notice what’s going on here?
Why on earth shut down everything for a 0.04% risk?
So vaccines make things worse, but everyone needs to get vaccinated?
While owning him 7 million to do nothing?
I don't understand why we're not putting in "everything we can" here.
So why not test everyone arriving in the country?
🧡 How is everyone coping?
Why is it always just a one size fits all solution with the vaccine?
You know who we never hear from?
Why do conservos want to control everyone and everything?
Why has  never got real about Covid?
Waiting for  ji to initiate it then blame him for everything ?
Never mind the vaccines, have the blue envelopes arrived?
This is never going to end is it?
Did you always wear a mask your whole life?
Wouldn’t you feel that no one cared for you or your baby?
Don't you guys do this everyone a "new variant" emerges?
Do we still have Flu or everything is Covid-19?
Are we just going to.stand back and say or do nothing?
How about keeping up to date with everything local?
If your vaccine costs you nothing, what are you waiting for?
And you believe no one should?
Why would people care if everyone else is vaccinated?
Raises obvious questions: why did nobody else report this earlier?
WWN&gt;Give Everyone a Barcode?
Why not give the third dose to everyone?
Everyone wins?
But the coronavirus was nothing to worry about anyway right?
Where is everyone who demanded promo right now?
Never been tested?!
Did he think he'd never make any of his own?
When everyone blamed Trump for a lack of supply?
Why is no one questioning this?
Why isn’t everyone sick of this government being so unspeakably shit?
What did everyone expect?
Should everyone have to show their flu vaccine status too?
Why are we spotlighting the church and not everyone else?
during that time everything is empty and quite.. what’s the point ?
What If You Never Get Better From Covid-19?
When will everyone else matter again?
